In this video, we'll be going through the AWS Free Tier signup process.
We'll start with a walkthrough of the entire process of creating an
AWS account and making sure we're using the free tier, and then we'll
look at service‑specific information about AWS services that are
included within that free tier.
This will help us to avoid unwanted expenses inside of our
AWS accounts before we're ready for them.
After that, we'll take a look at the AWS console in more detail.
I'll show you some of the different service areas that
AWS categorizes its services under,
and we'll configure our workspace to use the particular
services that we'll need inside of this course.
And once we've set up our workspace,
we should be ready to keep going. Over here in my web browser, I've
entered in aws.amazon.com/free in my URL bar,
and this takes me to the Amazon Web Services Free Tier page. Here, I can learn
a little bit more about what's included in the free tier,
including the different types of offers that are included, such
as services that are always free or free for 12 months only or
maybe are on some shorter trial basis.
And if I wanted the look of the specific offers,
we could look here under the Free Tier details for
particular types of services or underneath the Tiers that
are filtered out by 12 Months Free, Always Free, or Trials.
For right now, though, we won't look at this. We'll scroll back up,
and we'll either click Create an AWS Account in the top right, or click
Create a Free Account underneath the AWS Free Tier title here. This should
direct us to a page that looks a bit like this.
Well, we'll need to enter in our email address,
password, and a name for our account.
I'll use GPC, for right now, for Globomantics Pet Care.
Now I'm going to click Continue, and after I continue onto the next page,
I'll be prompted to enter in some basic information about
my account, including my company name,
the phone number, and everything else here, if I'm
creating a company account. For you, however,
you might want to go and click Personal and fill out the
information related to your personal account.
After you fill out this information,
you can click the checkbox down here at the bottom, and
then click Create Account and Continue.
On the next page, you'll be prompted to enter in some payment information.
Be sure to read through all the details to make sure it's something you're
comfortable with before you press the Verify and Add button.
From here, you'll be prompted to confirm your identity with a cell phone number.
Go ahead and enter your number, fill out the code that's
provided for you, and click Send SMS.
This will send a text message to your phone with a code that you'll then enter
into the browser here, and click the Verify Code button.
Once your identity has been verified, you can press Continue.
From there, you'll be prompted to select a support plan for your AWS account.
Now,
if you're sure you're going to be using AWS extensively and you want
to be able to ask lots of questions of AWS support,
you could consider a developer or a business plan here.
However, for right now, I'd suggest just getting started with the Basic Plan,
which is free, and you can always upgrade it later on.
So I'm going to click that Free button here.
Once we're on this page,
we could personalize our AWS experience and look at some of the
other documentation and resources that AWS offers.
But for right now,
I'm going to go ahead and sign into the AWS console by clicking that button.
And then I'm going to use the same username and password that I used
when I was creating the account to get started. After I've signed
into the AWS console, let's pause right here before we do anything
else. If you create any resources in AWS without actually knowing
what you're doing,
you might give yourself a bill that you'll later on have to pay. So let's look at how we can avoid that in the next video.